Add osu! wiki recruitment news post (#7732)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-08-04-wiki-contributors-wanted.md

---
layout: post
title: "Wiki contributors wanted!"
date: 2022-08-04 10:00:00 +0000
---

> Lore maestros! Technical aficionados! Information brokers! We seek any kind of knowledge to share in the wiki, and to translate it for every corner of the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lore maestros! Technical aficionados! Information brokers! We seek to share any kind of knowledge in the wiki, and to translate it for every corner of the community.
```
some parallelism with "we seek [to share | to translate]"

Author: very cool

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/osu-wiki.jpg)

> The [osu! wiki](/wiki/Main_Page) has seen a lot of reconstruction and development over the years. However, while the to-do list grows larger with new ideas and things to expand on, the amount of contributors has remained very small, which has impeded any rapid progress. We are therefore looking for more people to help out!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [osu! wiki](/wiki/Main_Page) has seen a lot of reconstruction and development over the years. However, while the to-do list grows larger with new ideas and things to expand on, the amount of contributors has remained very small. We are therefore looking for more people to help out!
```
it doesn't seem necessary to say this part, kind of implied by contrasting the large "to-do list" with small # of contributor. but mainly I just think this paragraph has a better rhythm without extra clause here

> If you're knowledgeable on certain aspects of the community, whether it be gameplay, mapping, modding, hitsounding, storyboarding or trivia, or simply want to exercise your writing skills, you're more than welcome to participate! No need for Ph.D.'s — any level of contribution is appreciated!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're knowledgeable on certain aspects of the community, whether it be gameplay, mapping, modding, hitsounding, storyboarding, or trivia, or you simply want to exercise your writing skills, you're more than welcome to participate! No need for Ph.D.'s — any level of contribution is appreciated!
```

Author: don't think this is necessary

> The osu! community reaches every part of the world, which means translations are necessary to keep the knowledge base useful for everyone. By a quick look in the [list of outdated articles and missing translations](https://clayton.cc/osu-wiki-status), the wiki only has French and Indonesian translations almost completely up to date, while every other language has fallen far short over the years. Anyone is encouraged to take part in any amount!

Reviewer: cant come up with anything good rn but this feels kinda missing a transition from previous paragraph

> The osu! community reaches every part of the world, which means translations are necessary to keep the knowledge base useful for everyone. By a quick look in the [list of outdated articles and missing translations](https://clayton.cc/osu-wiki-status/en), the wiki only has French and Indonesian translations almost completely up to date, while every other language has fallen far short over the years. Anyone is encouraged to take part in any amount!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The osu! community reaches every part of the world, which means translations are necessary to keep the knowledge base useful for everyone. By a quick look in the [list of outdated articles and missing translations](https://clayton.cc/osu-wiki-status), the wiki only has French and Indonesian translations almost completely up to date, while every other language has fallen far short over the years. Anyone is encouraged to take part in any amount!
```
since this one doesn't seem particularly about the English page. it's just redirect for now but I might have a main page sometime

But where does one start? Hop into the [osu!dev Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy) and check the [contribution guide](/wiki/osu!_wiki/Contribution_guide). The osu! wiki is stored in its entirety in a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki), where all contribution takes place. Don't worry if you've never used GitHub, just check the linked guide for a quick step-by-step tutorial on the basics and ask any questions in the Discord server.

> If you have an idea for improvement, a new article or if you've found some issues, search the [issues page on GitHub](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/issues) to see if someone has already thought of them, and create a [new issue](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/issues/new) if not. If you want to help on an existing task, leave a comment on it to let others know that you're working on it. There is also a [status page](https://clayton.cc/osu-wiki-status/en) which lists all articles that are outdated, in need of clean-up, and article stubs that can be expanded. For more information, see the [article on maintenance of the wiki](/wiki/osu!_wiki/Maintenance#routines).

Author: @cl8n this one too? (yes i do mention it twice)

```suggestion
If you have an idea for improvement, a new article or if you've found some issues, search the [issues page on GitHub](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/issues) to see if someone has already thought of them, and create a [new issue](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/issues/new) if not. If you want to help on an existing task, leave a comment on it to let others know that you're working on it. There is also a [status page](https://clayton.cc/osu-wiki-status) which lists all articles that are outdated, in need of clean-up, and article stubs that can be expanded. For more information, see the [article on maintenance of the wiki](/wiki/osu!_wiki/Maintenance#routines).
```

Reviewer: i didnt comment this one cuz i thought u intentionally want the english page (u mention all of its sections here)

> If you feel like you have an idea but also don't feel like learning GitHub (understandable), just ask any active [osu! wiki maintainer](/wiki/osu!_wiki/Maintenance/List_of_maintainers) through osu! chat, via Discord DM, or in the `#osu-wiki` channel of the [osu!dev Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy), and they'll make sure your idea is seen through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you feel like you have an idea but don't feel like learning GitHub (understandable), you can also share with an [osu! wiki maintainer](/wiki/osu!_wiki/Maintenance/List_of_maintainers) through osu! chat, via Discord DM, or in the `#osu-wiki` channel of the [osu!dev Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy), and they'll make sure your idea is seen through.
```

> If you feel like you have an idea but also don't feel like learning GitHub (understandable), just ask any active [osu! wiki maintainer](/wiki/osu!_wiki/Maintenance/List_of_maintainers) through osu! chat, via Discord DM, or in the `#osu-wiki` channel of the [osu!dev Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy), and they'll make sure your idea is seen through.

Reviewer: though... i dont know if i would make guarantees someone else is going to do a significant amount of work on your behalf, I feel like that last part should be less certain. in general, this should be conveyed as a less preferable alternative

> That'll be all!

Reviewer: this sounds like ur placing an order lol. "We hope to work with you soon!" or similar?
